millas a konichiwa raging on health
sport h obvious and for games 'guide' as
you took place
and I find you today for a
video on ff xiv begins to have
the habit
and today I will talk to you in
this video is dice and inherit
that's because we have a quest that we
explains quickly done like in water related to
a summer punctuated with two small three
stuff that's nice to know and
time we miss anyway in
the first hours of play then them and
inherit it's what's it for
terrible it's just
tp points so you know the
stone of foci past exactly the
same concept
the peculiarity of slag heaps
that we click you right once
on the first time you fall
on it you will synchronize with
if you want to be able to use the
slag hoses have to sync with until then
it's normal normally you have it
made in the first minutes of play
another thing to know that with
the and inherits it is that you can
save the point of return and in
done if you save the point of
back like this here it allows you
to use this little spell on the bottom right
that's with the little house that
is called repatriation actually that you
lets you tv for free and 8 on
this war
so that's not bad to do when
you will go back and forth in
in a capital like that went to
foot then hop to come back quickly and
it's free
otherwise you can do something else
save as favorite place
it will allow you to take it out in the lead
list on the list of tp and yes and
precisely when we talk about tp there is the
teleportation which is on the first
line here is here and when you click
above you have a story begins
to have a lot that allow you
just you see the day one who
favored a small canvas beside it
allow will be find happening like
you notice one that is not a card
what appears but it's the list
with names and that's where you go
learn as ff xiv be a good
memory because you have to memorize everything
everything is done from donations of course
it costs money and it's expensive
seems small numbers like that but
that's really not bad at all
case at level 20
so me what I advise you is
to try to use it the minimum
simply because especially in the
beginnings of the game you are going to need to
a lot of jls higgins and
unfortunately it does not flow
so it's better to try
to save a little his sous so that
it's really the basics normally the
most people know it but good if
you never went to
side is always good to know
another thing you need to know is
that and inherits in capitals in
actually allow to teleport to
the interest of the capital so you
from outside a city where since
the teleportation menu you can not to
you can not access it
music man you tp on big crystals
like that now if you click
on sucking letteri two
main click on networks of
ethereal urban transport and there you
have and have been dtp inside even
the city or again it's just
the names anyway the names of the du
remarkable place of remarkable area
the closest
so for example if we want this summer
reported to the miners guild on
click on minor equality and that we
teleport directly on top of that which
would come to do 14 is that the
loads are quite short I think
that it's for everyone else was eating
not a ssd is where you you
unearth it's next to them the
territories ben here are the three
capitals in circles and you must not hesitate
to abuse because it's free ehret
so it's not bad to use it at
maximum and it's good to know him because
that there are unfortunately some
people passing by
the history of the urban network of slag heaps
and who suddenly spend their time
run with the little pitt source like
that's it so it's a bit close
then I remind you if you want
to know where they fall and
terry ben you see a little drawing
blue the shape of the territories ben and
you usually have a place
remarkable there are so are written on the
map so that usually fits
the nearest camshafts in
anyway the ski generally will you
to interest
and of course it's already over friends
I had said short videos so
do not hesitate to spend on games is
already if you want info on ff xiv
they do a very good job
otherwise bah as usual subscribe
at the chain you put the green thumbs
on the video if you appreciate you
leave comments if you have
questions or additions
related to what I say in my videos
and you can of course share the
video on twitter facebook and google +
do not hesitate to do it that makes me
service and then it makes discover the
chain full of people and I tell you to
very soon